In this 5 week, I have worked for a software development in Lawrencetown.
My duties were including:
Remote Software development using Google Cloud Platform / Amazon Web Services for web development primary frameworks/ languages used – React, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, NoSQL databases
Git will be used for version control/ use of command line interface/ text editor(ie, Visual Studio Code)

Work term details
Work placement company:  NTMK Software Development and Consulting Inc.
Work Experience Supervisor (Name & Title): Nathan Mackenzie (Owner / CEO)
Address: 497 Carleton Rd, Lawrencetown, NS B0S 1M0
Phone: 902-844-1041
Email: nathan@ntmk.ca
Company website: www.ntmk.ca
Work environment: Remotely
Placement Dates: Start date: Apr 25 2022  End date: May 27, 2022
Total Hours per week: 40 hours
Salary: Unpaid
Student Responsibilities:
Remote Software development using Google Cloud Platform / Amazon Web Services for web development primary frameworks/ languages used – React, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, NoSQL databases
Git will be used for version control/ use of command line interface/ text editor(ie, Visual Studio Code)

Self-assessment  (table)

Strengths: 
I communicate effectively with my supervisor in every day agile meeting, I know how to ask the specific questions and provide feedback in a limited time during this work-term.
When I have problem about the task, I understand how to use the communicate tools such as google chat, email, and google meeting to ask questions and arrange a short meeting. 

Weaknesses:
Sometime find it hard to present the error to the supervisor which appear in the code. Also, that is hard to express my though in a difficult conversation because of the second language.

What have I learned:
I have learned to prepare the resource and the questions before every meeting, also I have taken notes and record the meeting. 

How do I learn: 
I have watched some video on YouTube and LinkedIn about the behavior in the meeting. Also, I have learned the office conversation from the study English website.

Learning priorities:
To have a successful communication with my supervisor and colleagues, improve my English conversation is my priority, I need to improve my English vocabulary and writing skill. Then upgrade my knowledge which are relevant to my jobs that can help me to ask critically and give out the useful feedback. 

Way to improve:
Priority to improve the language, but I can use the picture and diagram as a supporting material to present my point of view and ask the question, I can use the screen cap and dram a simple diagram and present it on the meeting.

Goals:
I plan to use the NSCC conversation Circle to practice my English conversation and writing skill twice a week. Study and practice my coding skill by using the materials on internet in every single day. I hope the practice can help to speak up more during meetings and clearly communicating my ideas.

Achievements:
I have set up a google calendar and build a channel of NTMK for our project meeting, to make our communication more effectively. Also, I have took minutes and video recording in every project meeting and let us understand about the project progress.


